Add a point about running storybook for e2e tests. (#681)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/webapp/end-to-end-tests.md

## Quick Overview on How to Run E2E Testing

### On Your Local Development Machine

> 1.  Launch a local Mattermost instance by running `make run` in the mattermost-server directory. Confirm that the Mattermost instance has started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Launch a local Mattermost instance by running `make run` in the `mattermost-server` directory. Confirm that the Mattermost instance has started successfully.
```

> 1.  Run a local server instance by initiating `make run` to the mattermost-server folder. Confirm that the instance has started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Run a local server instance by initiating `make run` to the `mattermost-server` directory. Confirm that the instance has started successfully.
```

> 1.  Run a local server instance by initiating `make run` to the mattermost-server folder. Confirm that the instance has started successfully.

Author: If we're going to alter other parts of the instructions in this PR, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
1.  Launch a local Mattermost instance by running `make run` in the mattermost-server directory. Confirm that the Mattermost instance has started successfully.
```

Author: @justinegeffen ^

Author: @justinegeffen ping on this - would be good to get it merged.

    - Run `make test-data` to preload your server instance with initial seed data.
    - Each test case should handle the required system or user settings, but in case you encounter an unexpected error while testing, you may want to run the server with default config based on `mattermost-server/config/default.json`.

>     - In another terminal, run `npm run storybook` in the `mattermost-webapp` directory. This is required for the Cypress tests which run against the Storybook widgets to pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In another terminal, in the `mattermost-webapp` directory, run `npm run storybook`. This is required for the Cypress tests which run against the Storybook widgets to pass.
```
